feat(core): add subscribe and notify functionality in EpochManager (#158)
witnet/witnet-rust: docs/architecture/managers/epoch-manager.md

> These are the messages supported by the epoch manager handlers:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These are the messages supported by the EpochManager handlers:
```

skips some checkpoints, all the missed notifications will be sent at the next
checkpoint but with the old requested checkpoint in the message.

The notifications are sent according to their checkpoint id: the oldest
checkpoints first.

#### Subscribe to all new checkpoints

In order to receive a notification on each checkpoint, the actors need
to subscribe with a cloneable payload. If an actor doesn't need a payload,
a type like `()` or an empty struct can be used.

```rust
#[derive(Clone)]
struct EveryEpochPayload;
// Subscribe to all epochs with a cloneable payload
epoch_manager_addr
    .do_send(Subscribe::to_all(
        self_addr,
        EveryEpochPayload,
    ));
```

The logic is implemented as an `EpochNotification<T>` handler, where
`T` is one specific payload.

```rust
/// Handler for EpochNotification<EveryEpochPayload>
impl Handler<EpochNotification<EveryEpochPayload>> for BlockManager {
    type Result = ();

    fn handle(&mut self, msg: EpochNotification<EveryEpochPayload>, _ctx: &mut Context<Self>) {
        debug!("Periodic epoch notification received {:?}", msg.checkpoint);
    }
}
```

In case of skipped epochs, the notifications are lost.

> ### Outgoing messages: Epoch Manager -> Others

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Outgoing messages: EpochManager -> Others
```

> These are the messages sent by the epoch manager:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These are the messages sent by the EpochManager:
```
